Update BGTS 2020 to Round of 16 (#4656)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GTS/BGTS_2020/en.md

| Qualifiers | 2020-12-05/2020-12-06 |
| Group Stage | 2020-12-10/2020-12-13 |
| Round of 32 | 2020-12-19/2020-12-20 |

> | Round of 16 | 2021-01-09/2020-01-10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Round of 16 | 2021-01-09/2021-01-10 |
```

## Mappools

### Round of 16

> *Tournament will continue again after the holiday break, Round of 16 mappool showcase will be on January 3rd 2021 (15:00 UTC).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Tournament will continue again after the holiday break, Round of 16 mappool showcase will be on 2021-01-03 (15:00 UTC).*
```
